The Internet and social media
latforms allow us to connect
with our friends, family, and
peers in a variety of ways.
It's a great way to keep in
touch, but sometimes people take
advantage of these platform's
and use them to sread negative
messages about others.
Cyberbullying or bullying that
takes place on the Internet can
be just as bad as bullying in
person.
People can use the Internet to
send hurtful messages to
someone, sread fake rumors, or
share someone's private
information without permission.
The results of cyberbullying can
be just as impacting as
Facetoface bullying.
When someone is cyberbullied,
their feelings can be hurt and
their reputation can be damaged.
You can't always revent
cyberbullying, but you can play
a part in making the Internet a
friendlier and safer place for
everyone.
Here are some guidelines you can
follow to promote civility
online.
First simly avoid sending
negative messages an
participating in behavior that
can hurt someone else.
Resect differences.
When you interact with people
online, respect their
differences in opinion.
Experience an culture.
Even if you don't agree with
something that another person
shares online, you should still
treat them with respect and make
the Internet a friendly place
for communication and
discussion.
Think about the consequences of
sharing before you share or post
anything online.
Always pause an think about the
consequences of doing so.
Will your message hurt someone
else?
Will it damage your reputation
or the safety or reputation of
others?
Does it contribute anything
constructive to the
conversation?
If you feel unsafe online, you
should feel comfortable to
remove yourself from a situation
an reort it to someone you
trust.
There is no rule requiring you
to engage in conversations or
arguments with people online.
And when you do see cruel or
dangerous activity online, offer
to support those involved and
report the incident to someone
you trust.
We can all lay a part in being
responsible digital citizens
online and making the Internet a
safe and friendly place for
everyone.